Se 13419 rtm infinite link loop hn (#216)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/servers-properties-view.adoc

= Configure Server Properties (Hybrid)
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

image:logo-cloud-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid Deployment"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

> Runtime Manager enables you to view and configure properties in your Mule environments. Runtime Manager displays two types of properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Manager enables you to view and configure properties in your Mule environments. Runtime Manager displays both custom and discovered properties.
```

== Custom Properties

> Custom properties enable you to define properties used by the JVM container of a Mule instance. Custom properties are defined as key/value pairs.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY correct "key-value pair."

Reviewer: Is there anything to say about the circumstances under which a user chooses custom vs. discovered properties?

== Discovered Properties

Discovered properties are properties defined by the remote environment of the Mule instance. These properties include:

* JVM arguments
* Environment properties
* System properties

> Runtime Manager retrieves the values of these properties from Runtime Manager agent which queries the `System` Java class on the remote server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Manager retrieves the values of these properties from Runtime Manager agent, which queries the `System` Java class on the remote server. 
```
We mean "which then" and not "the agent that queries," right?

Author: No. The agent does the querying.

By default, auto-discovery of remote server properties is disabled. To use this feature, click *Enable Auto-Discovery*. After enabling this feature, Runtime Manager stores an encrypted version of these properties in its internal database.

> To fully disable this feature, contact your MuleSoft customer success representative.

Reviewer: By "fully disable," do we mean so that no one can enable it ever? WHY would a user want or need to do this? It is already disabled by default....

Author: Because, um, might not ever want system properties stored on RTM.

== View Server Properties

To view custom and discovered properties:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager*.
. Click the *Servers* tab.
. Click the *Type* column to display the details pane.

> . In the details pane, click *Manage Server*, *Manage Group*, or *Manage Cluster*.

Reviewer: ditto repetition

. On the *Settings* page, click the *Properties* tab.
. Click either *Custom Properties* or *Discovered Properties*.
+

> To view discovered properties, select *Discovered Properties*, and then click *Enable Auto-Discovery*: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view discovered properties, select *Discovered Properties* and then click *Enable Auto-Discovery*: 
```

+
.The screen shows the *Discovered Properties* and *Enable Auto-Discovery* buttons on the *Properties* tab.
image::rtm-server-enable-autodiscovery.png[*Discovered Properties* and *Enable Auto-Discovery* buttons]
+

> The server state must be *Running* to auto-discover server properties.

Reviewer: ditto status
